feat: symlinks for aliased partition to default dirs (#1164)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

  For a complete list of commits, check out the `X.Y.Z`_ release on GitHub.

.. _release-2.18.0:

2.18.0 (2025-MM-DD)
-------------------

> - When the default partition is aliased, create symlinks in the ``partitions``
>   directory to the default directories at the root of the working directory.

Reviewer: Trying to clarify this a bit:

```suggestion
- When the default partition is aliased, create symlinks in the ``partitions``
  directory to the lifecycle directories in the working directory. The links are
  intended to help users during debugging. For example, ``/root/stage`` in the
  container filesystem is linked to ``/root/partitions/<partition-id>/stage``.
```
